Let's discuss schema
environments.
Your business and
data will evolve
throughout the lifetime of
your production pipeline.
It's often the case that
as your data evolves,
your schema evolves also.
As you're developing your code
to handle changes in your schema,
you may have multiple versions of
your schema all active
at the same time.
You may have one schema
being used for development,
one currently in test,
and another currently
in production.
Having version control
for your schemas,
just like you do for your code,
helps make this manageable.
In some cases, you may
need to have different
schemas to support
multiple training and deployment
scenarios for different
data environments.
For example, you may want to use
the same model on a server and in
a mobile application
but imagine that
a particular feature is
different in those
two environments.
Maybe in one case it's
an integer and the other
case it's a float.
You need to have a
different schema for
each to reflect the
difference in the data.
Along with that, your
data's evolving.
Potentially, in all your different
data environments at once.
But at the same time you
also needed to check
your data for problems
or anomalies,
and schemas are a key part
of checking for anomalies.
Let's look at an example of how
a schema can help
you detect errors in
your serving request data and why
multiple versions of your
schema are important.
We'll start by inferring the
serving schema and we'll
use TensorFlow Data Validation
or TFTV to do that.
Then we're going to generate
statistics for the
serving dataset.
Then we'll use TFTV to
find if there are any
problems with this data
and visualize the result in
a notebook. Look at that.
TFTV reports back that
there are anomalies
in the serving data.
Since this is a dataset
that contains
prediction requests,
that's actually not surprising.
The label which is
cover type is missing,
but the schema is telling TFTV
that the cover type
feature is required.
So it's flagging
this as an anomaly.
How do we fix this problem?
In scenarios where
you need to maintain
multiple types of
the same schemas,
you often need to keep
the schema environment.
This is most commonly true of
the difference between
training and serving data.
You can choose to
customize your schema
based on the situation
you're going to handle.
For example, in this case,
the setup is to
maintain two schemas.
One for training data,
where the label is
required and the other for
serving where we know we
won't have the label.
The code for multiple
schema environments
is fairly straightforward.
In our existing environment,
we already have a
schema for training.
We then create two
named environments
called training and serving.
We modify our serving environment
by removing the
cover type feature.
Since we know that in serving,
we won't have that
in our feature set.
Lastly, the code sets up
the serving environment
and uses it to validate
the serving data.
Now, there are no anomalies
found since we're using
the correct schema for
our data. Let's review.
First we discussed how to
iteratively update and fine
tune your schema to
adapt to evolving data.
Then we focused on
reliability and
scalability during the
evolution cycle of data.
Then you implemented
schema environments
to deal with anomalies
in your serving data.